Noteworthy changes in Mailcrypt version 3.5b4:

No bug fixes; in fact there are probably fresh new bugs.

Mailcrypt now supports PGP version 5.0 as well as version 2.6.*, and
can be toggled between "active versions" at will.  Every effort has
been made to ensure that what used to work, still works.


Noteworthy changes in Mailcrypt version 3.4:

Several bug fixes, mostly in the remailer functions.

`C-c / d' can now decode armor-only messages.

`C-c / e' with an empty recipient list now generates an armor-only
message.

Better support for Gnus 5 (formerly "(ding) Gnus"), including
decryption of messages in read-only groups.  Requires Gnus 5.0.4 or
higher.

Better support for recent versions (5.95+) of VM.

New option for remailer list entries: Positive integer N represents a
random permutation of the N "best" remailers as ordered in
`~/.remailers'.

New configuration variable `mc-pgp-always-fetch' to control attempts
to fetch PGP keys.  Legal values are t, 'never, and nil (the default).


Noteworthy changes in Mailcrypt version 3.3:

Numerous minor bugs have been fixed.

Mailcrypt now requires at least FSF Emacs version 19.28 or XEmacs
version 19.12.  Sorry, but anything else is too annoying.

Support has been added for reading mail under (ding) Gnus.


Noteworthy changes in Mailcrypt version 3.2:

Mailcrypt now uses "start-process" instead of "call-process-region" to
run PGP; this uses a pipe instead of a temp file for various inputs,
including your passphrase.  Ahem.

All Mailcrypt commands now start with the prefix `C-c /' to bring
Mailcrypt into line with documented GNU standards.

`mc-insert-public-key' is now bound to `C-c / x' (an in "extract")
instead of `C-c a'.

`mc-deactivate-passwd' is bound to `C-c / f' (as in "forget").

`mc-read-mode' and `mc-write-mode' are now full-blown minor modes.  So
you can do, for example, `M-x mc-install-write-mode' from a Text mode
buffer and have the normal encryption and signing commands available.
The keymaps for the modes are configurable variables.

Interactive commands `mc-encrypt-region', `mc-sign-region', etc. are
now defined.

If you use RMAIL and you say no to "Replace encrypted message with
decrypted?", you will be dropped into RMAIL mode for viewing.

RMAIL summary mode is now supported.

Documentation in the form of a Texinfo file is now part of the
distribution.

Mailcrypt can now fetch a needed key from finger, HTTP, or any of a
list of locally stored keyrings.  `C-c / k' initiates a fetch
manually; Mailcrypt will offer to initiate one automatically as
appropriate during encryption or signature verification.

The remailer functions now support Mixmaster.

`C-c / d' can handle conventionally encrypted messages.
